Source URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=w2vRlfDEhyE
Author: unknown
Title: unknown
Date: 2026-04-26

This video is 10 CloudCode examples
built specifically for data scientists.
I've spent 3 years in that rule running
the same exact EDA, cleaning the same
data, and writing the same statistical
tests on repeat. So, I know which tasks
are actually worth automating. You're
getting the full workflow as well as the
prompts. We're going to start with
exploratory data analysis and finish
with tasks like hypothesis testing. The
last example alone in this video takes a
2-hour task and turns it into something
that is done under a minute. So, let's
jump into it. Here is our data set we're
going to use for our first example of
exploratory data analysis. If you guys
also want to grab this spreadsheet, I'm
going to upload it into my school group.
It's free to join. We have calls every
single week. Uh so, just go into this
classroom section and download that.
You'll have all the examples throughout
this entire video. Uh regardless, I
don't want to spend too much time there.
I would just want to say that this
spreadsheet has order IDs, a customer
ID, name, a product category, region,
order date, revenue, quantity, and
status. Typically, when I get one of
these types of spreadsheets, I'll
probably uh throw this in a Google Colab
notebook, start writing some Python
Pandas, and really diving into the data
set. Obviously, before you do that
though, you want to take a look at it
and see, you know, what is going on.
It's interesting like for example, this
is missing a quantity, and you can see
like we have the order, the customer,
the revenue, as well as a discount. It's
completed, but like there's no quantity.
Uh revenue on this one's like -15. So,
and this was also canceled as well. So,
that's kind of interesting. So, there
might be like some nuances associated
with that. And you know, this data set
isn't too large. It's, you know, what?
260 rows. Obviously, in real-world data,
you're dealing with tens of thousands,
if not hundreds of thousands of rows.
For this video, it doesn't make sense
to, you know, build out a data set like
that. But, we're going to utilize that
for our first example. Then you guys can
see that I'm using CloudCode directly
inside of VS Code. I feel like a lot of
people are going to be utilizing VS
Code. Uh so, that's where we're going to
use it for this video. And each of these
sections, I already have prompts that
are already generated just to save us a
little bit of time. But, you can see in
this prompt over here, I have an
e-commerce sales data set called
e-commerce sales.csv, which is in this
folder. You can see full EDA. Please run
a full EDA analysis on it. I want to see
data set shapes, dtypes, and a summary
of nulls, descriptive statistics,
descriptive plots, correlation heat map,
top five products, revenue breakdown,
flag any outliers or data quality issues
that may spot, and save all charts in
PNG and write me a summary of the key
findings. You know, this is something
you'll typically see pretty early on in
your data career. If you're jumping into
Kaggle projects, this is one of the
first things that you learn when you
jump into the Titanic data set. So, this
is like relatively beginner level, but
it does take a lot of time. So, we're
going to run this prompt.
And obviously, you can fine-tune this
prompt for your own specific scenarios.
This is just a demo, and we're going to
run that. So, just paste this in
CloudCode. And to save you guys time as
well, I'm just going to fast-forward to
when things are ready, so that way we
can take a look at it together.
Okay, and then it generated us this code
over here. You can see it even imported
in Pandas, imported in NumPy,
Matplotlib. We actually have a decent
amount of code, like 150 lines or so.
I'm going to give it the check mark like
this is good. I'm going to accept the
proposed changes.
And obviously, there's different
settings you can choose in CloudCode if
you want to approve things or not. I'm
just going to click on yes and approve
everything across the board.
Okay, and we have our final results over
here. So,
let's walk through all this. It probably
took a few minutes, give or take. But,
it says EDA summary key findings. Pretty
nice formatting in my personal opinion.
Uh we have our data set overview, 260
rows, 11 columns, which we already
talked about. Uh 68 total nulls.
Discount has the most, followed by
revenue, and then quantity.
At the end of the day, discount having a
bunch of nulls not a big deal. Revenue,
we have the mean as well as the median,
heavily right-skewed. We have our range,
one negative revenue value, likely a
refund or some sort of data error.
And then we have 29 IQR outliers above,
top outliers near 450, 900. Top five
products, it tells us our monitor, golf
clubs, bicycle, sweater, jeans. Top
categories sports home electronics
as well as clothing.
We have a regional breakdown where they
where these were sold at, quantity and
discounts. Discounts range from 0 to
20%, uh which discount analysis is
actually pretty fun.
A little tangent, but that was one of my
first uh data analytics projects at my
first full-time job. Uh regardless, we
have correlations, uh data quality
flags, one negative revenue, 48 missing
discounts, 17 missing revenue. Uh 9%
orders are canceled, 16% pending, which
is interesting. And then we have
different charts that were saved on our
computer. So, you can see like
distribution plots. We have that,
correlation heat map,
product categories, revenue by region.
And then we also have a EDA script that
can be rerun anytime. So, if you have
the same exact data set, maybe a little
bit later down the year, we want to
rerun that. And you can see we have all
these over here.
Uh some of our graphs,
which is really awesome. And these look
uh very good.
Obviously, if you want to change things
up, you can just reprompt it, or you can
just change your code.
And let's take a look at our EDA code.
And we have all this generated over
here. We have comments, which uh you
know, a lot of people don't leave
comments in their code all that all
together. And like think about it on
your EDA side. Like how long would it
have you taken you to really go through
this? And I'm not saying like fully skip
EDA. Like I still think it's important
to understand what is happening in your
data set. But, out of the box, I think
this is a pretty nice way to start
getting some information about uh what
is going on in your specific
spreadsheet. So, kind of in the same
realm, we're now we're going to take a
look at actually how we can clean data.
Look, we've all been there. You get a
data set from some sort of legacy
system, and it's a mess. Mixed-case
names, phone numbers in five different
formats, dates that look like they came
from different countries, inconsistent
Boolean values. Normally, you're going
to spend 30 minutes, an hour, 2 hours
writing Pandas code to clean up all
this, handling edge cases, fixing typos,
removing duplicates. It's tedious as
well as super error-prone. Uh with
CloudCode, I can just describe what
clean data looks like, and it is
completely done. All the
standardizations validations a
before-and-after comparison in just a
few minutes. And uh let's dive into that
example. And uh very similar data set,
what we have this time is our customer
ID, customer name, email, phone number,
which And just looking at this, look at
how bad some of these phone numbers are.
I would be so mad if I had a data set
like that. Our sign-up date, which is
also pretty atrocious. Annual revenue,
our country. Look at that, US in three
different formats. Age, we have uh here
those missing.
And is active, yes, one, true, false.
This is as bad as it gets. Oh, actually,
we have a a true value over here as
well. That's uh it's pretty bad.
Jumping into our friend CloudCode, we're
going to write this out. Here's our
prompt that we are going to test. I have
a messy customer data set. Please clean
it completely. Standardize customer name
to title case. Fix invalid email
formats. Flag invalid ones. Standardize
phone numbers. We gave it that specific
format, so it specifically knows. Uh
parse all sign-up date values into a
consistent format. Clean annual revenue.
Remove dollar and commas. Convert to a
float. Standardize country to full
country name. Fix age. Remove impossible
ages below zero or above 120. Obviously,
I'd probably change this for real to
like above 100.
Standardize is active to true, false.
Remove duplicate rows. Show
before-and-after comparison and save the
clean data as this. And we have our
cleaned customer data. Obviously, the
one we started with is messy. So, I'm
going to send this prompt over, and uh
we'll fast-forward when it's ready.
All right, so we have our results. So,
the cleaning was successful. Here's
before and after. Rows before, after 51,
there's 49 duplicates, it says, in this
data set. Uh columns 9, 10, we added
email validation. And then what was
cleaned? Customer name, email, phone,
sign-up date, country, age. The clean-up
data is saved over here. And we also
have a Python script. Uh so, let me open
up that Python script so you guys can
see that. Moving uh CloudCode out of the
side, you can see we get Pandas, we have
regex,
and then uh date utility parser, date
parser. We loaded in our data,
and then we start cleaning it up.
Honestly, not as many lines of code as I
thought it would be for this data set.
Regardless, what you guys are going to
care about is like, what does this data
set actually look like? I'm going to
load this up in sheets, and we'll dive
into it. All right, and here is our
final result. We have our customer name,
looks way cleaner. Our emails, and you
can see these uh examples.com,
co. exactor. We have our phone numbers,
our sign-up date, the annual revenue,
which now is one format in comparison to
all these others over here. Then we have
our country, uh which is pretty
self-explanatory, US as well as UK. Our
ages,
is active, and then uh validation. And
then you can see over here that this is
an invalid email because you have this
over here
where it's bob@invalid@email.com,
which is pretty bad. And you have this
one over here, which is empty. So, this
is a pretty nice column. Uh we can
essentially remove the invalid emails if
we wanted to, or reach out to a person
in some capacity, whatever the case may
be. And our data set is now clean. Now,
taking a look at some of these dupes,
let's see if that actually was the case.
So, we have obviously one over here, the
50 to 60, all the way to 100. So, you
know, this column was unique across the
board.
Uh where do we start? So, like number
three is a dupe, it says. And you can
see you have John Smith
and we have John Smith.
Same exact
uh, John Smith. Our phone numbers are a
little bit different, looks like.
555-123-4,
but then we have like 67 in this one.
Same exact sign-up date, same revenue,
same country, same age. So, yeah, these
are our duplicates and they weren't
right next to each other. So, this is
pretty cool. It was able to specifically
figure that out. This is the other half
of the job that no one talks about.
You've analyzed the data, found the
insights, and now you have to build the
presentation. You're context switching
between Python and PowerPoint, manually
styling charts, adding in annotations,
fighting with alignment. But, what if
you could do all this in one place? Load
the data, create publication-ready
charts, and a full PowerPoint deck with
insights all in one prompt. So, this is
our new spreadsheet we're working with.
We have different months, month name,
the region, revenue, units sold, average
order value, as well as brand new
customers that we brought on. We've been
asked to analyze this data and turn it
into a slide deck. And you know, this is
a task I do all the time with Cloud
Code. In fact, my other YouTube channel,
I build out slide decks from data that I
scrape every single month. Uh,
regardless, let's uh, prompt this out.
So, I have our prompt over here, and let
me just make this a little bit larger so
you guys can see that.
Obviously, as I mentioned, you can
change prompts, you can keep going back
and forth conversation-wise. We're just
doing these pretty short. Um, but I have
a a monthly data set called monthly
revenue CSV. Please create the following
visualizations: a line chart, bar chart,
heat map, a summary chart. Make the
charts clean and presentation-ready with
proper titles, labels, and a consistent
color scheme, and save as a PNG. Then,
create a PowerPoint presentation with
title slide, 2024 revenue performance. I
know we're in 2026, this just looks at
2024 data. Uh, one slide per chart with
two to three sentences insight below
each. A final summary slide with three
key takeaways. And then we say to save
the presentation as revenue uh, dot
PowerPoint. Now, you could also build
PowerPoints relatively easy in Cloud
Co-work if you give it all the different
examples, and we've covered that in
another video. But, when you work with
Cloud Code, you can actually get a
Python file that you can run all the
time. So, personally, I'd recommend
building out the slides in Cloud Code
over Co-work, but uh, whatever's easier
for you.
We're going to grab that prompt. We're
going to send it into Cloud Code, and
uh, let's see what ends up happening.
Also, to mention, it is relatively easy
to make a cloud.md file. Uh, so that way
we can define, you know, what type of
colors we want, what type of formatting,
etc. A little bit outside the scope of
these 10 demos for today. All right, and
we are done over here. Uh, you can see
all charts and presentations already.
Here's what it created: four PNG charts,
and by each of those, a PowerPoint slide
over here. Uh, so you can see title
slide, four charts, summary slide. We'll
take a look at that here in a second.
Wonder if it actually built out a Python
file. I'm going to check the folder. And
you can see we actually built out our
Python file as well. So, import
PowerPoint over here, presentations.
We're loading our data.
And uh,
go through it all. So, let me load up
the slides, and let's dive into it. Now,
obviously, this is a pretty basic
design. Uh,
didn't choose any of the colors, I
didn't specify what needs to be on,
um,
the specific fonts and anything like
that. But, we have revenue trends. We
built this with Python, our chart. We
have our text underneath it, total
annual revenue by region. I do like how
there's a good contrast though between
the background as well as the data that
we're presenting.
A revenue heat map,
top months by total revenue, and then we
have our key takeaways, which were the
three at the very end. Obviously, very
short slide, but if you have a slide
deck that you need to build out on a
weekly or monthly or a quarterly basis,
I could definitely see you going out
there, writing some Python code, and uh,
automating this. Because if you have the
same piece of information, or at least
like 80 or 90% month over month, you
might as well build that out, and you
saw how relatively easy it was. I think
every data scientist has a complicated
relationship with SQL. You know it's
powerful, but writing window functions,
complex joins, and CTEs can be tedious,
especially if there's limited
documentation about previous queries.
Here's the thing though, you don't need
to always write out SQL. You can just
describe what you want in plain English.
Would you want the top customers,
revenue by region, month over month
growth? Cloud Code will write the SQL,
load your data, run the queries, and
then show you the exact results all in
seconds. And no more wrestling with
complicated SQL. So,
for this demo purpose, like we're not
going to write into a database, we're
just going to have three CSV files. We
have customers, orders, as well as
products, just to show you relatively
fast we have all this over here.
And you know, one of the things I would
recommend is you just describe what your
tables are and like what columns you
specifically want to utilize, and I find
it to be particularly helpful
when using code. But, this is our
prompt. I have three SQL three CSV
files, customers, orders, and products.
Load them into in-memory SQL Lite
database, and then write SQL queries for
the following. And we have
uh, five different questions over here.
Show me total revenue by customer tier,
which 10 customers have spent the most
money in the last 6 months, what is the
month-over-month revenue growth, find
customers who have placed more than
three orders, what's the average order,
and then for each query, show the SQL,
run it, and display the particular
results. So, we're going to grab that.
I'll send it over to code, and we will
be back.
Okay, now we have our results. All five
queries were run successfully. Uh,
silver leads with 206 orders, followed
by bronze and gold. Top 10 spenders,
Felix Bell
has 1950 across three records. Uh,
month-over-month revenue highly
variable. Home had the most dramatic
swings. Customers with over three orders
never canceled. 63 customers qualified.
13 customers have seven orders each with
zero cancellations. Average order value
by each region. And then it says, "Note
on query four, the data has no refund
status, only completed, pending, and
canceled. I use canceled as the closest
proxy for specific refunds." Now, let's
actually take a look at those SQL
queries. And inside the Python file that
it generated, you can see it says plain
English SQL. Uh, we ain't include SQL
Lite, Pandas. Says load CSVs into SQL
Lite. And then we have query one, and we
have this over here with our select,
from, we're joining, where we have a
group buys and order by. Pretty easy
query in my personal opinion. Same with
this one over here, nothing really too
complicated. Um, we have a CTE, which a
little bit more complicated, uh, but
relatively simple. Uh, when you work
with dates and times, that can be a
little bit complex, and sometimes you
make some errors. I know I hate working
with dates and times with SQL.
Uh, this one also looks relatively easy,
and so does this last one. But, you
know, it does save a bit of time.
There's tons of use cases for when you
want to use external data, and often
it's going to be locked behind an API.
So, I just want to show you how we could
utilize Cloud Code for an API.
Obviously, there's so many different
types of APIs out there, everything's
going to be a little bit different on,
you know, the data that you're asking
for, the specific credentials, and much
more. So, I'm going to go through a very
basic one, which you don't even have to
set up any sort of login or anything
like that. Obviously, if you want to try
this with your own use case, do it, but
I'm just going to go and show you a a
basic one for this video. Okay, so we're
using this API from CoinGecko, and we're
going to ask to grab the top 20
cryptocurrencies by market cap over
here, load it into data frame, create a
bar chart of market cap, and then save
this as crypto_data.csv.
So, let's copy in this prompt. We're
going to go over here to Claude,
send that over, and uh, let's get our
answer.
All right, and then you can see done the
script over here. And actually, let me
just
put that there so you guys can see a
little bit better. Pull top 20
cryptocurrencies. I loaded the data,
created a bar chart, and saved the full
data. So, we can take a look at each of
those as well. First, our crypto pull.
So, you can see that we have our API,
the parameters that we're passing in.
So, 20, page one, market cap descending.
Obviously, USD since I'm based in
America. Then we have a data frame, so
loading data frame, and then uh, we save
this over here, crypto_data.csv.
And then our chart that was built.
cryptocurrencies by market cap. Bitcoin,
Ethereum. I don't know the others, I'm
sorry. I know Doge, because people used
to give away that for free, uh,
back in the good old days of Twitter.
But, uh, yeah. And I'm actually
surprised how much higher Bitcoin is.
Maybe I'm not. Uh, but those look tiny
over here. Regardless, as I mentioned,
tons and tons of different APIs out
there, so feel free to experiment with
this. But, uh, Cloud Code does an
amazing job, and now let's jump into our
next section, which is what happens if
you actually don't have access to an API
for some data. So, unlike the last
section we talked about APIs, you know,
not every data set is going to have a
publicly available API. Sometimes you're
going to have to go online, and you're
going to have to scrape data from
websites. In my opinion, Cloud Code is
fantastic at writing the Python code to
scrape those specific sites. I've done
it in a few different personal tasks,
where I even had to deal with websites
that have a Cloudflare, which is
notoriously difficult to scrape. But,
after a conversation back and forth, we
were able to figure out the Python code
to do that specific task. So, in this
section, we're going to take a look at a
very basic example of just scraping
Wikipedia. Let's jump right into it. All
right, so this is the prompt that we're
going to ask. We're going to say,
"Please scrape this Wikipedia page for a
list of largest companies by revenue.
Extract the main table with company
name rank revenue profit employees
industry, and country." Then, and we
have a few different instructions. Give
it a data frame, show top 10 companies,
create a bar chart, group by country,
industry, and then save the data as a
CSV. Handle any formatting issues in
numbers. So, obviously we can write
Python code. It's not that hard to just
scrape Wikipedia.
And you know, that's one of the earliest
sites, but still might take you an hour
plus, and then that's not even including
some of the other tasks that we've
already included over here. Some of this
obviously is a refresher of things that
we did a little bit earlier. We're going
to send over that prompt, going to drop
that right into the cloud code, and let
it do that for us, and I'll be right
back.
You obviously get some notifications
like this as well, where it says, "Allow
fetching this URL." Obviously, we want
to, so we're going to click yes. All
right, so we have our list over here. It
says done. We have our Python script,
which we can take a look at here in a
second. We have that over there.
Top 10 by revenue.
And we have, interesting enough, only
five shown over here. So, a little bit
of a bug, cuz you can see Amazon,
Walmart, State Grid Corp of China, never
heard of that. Saudi,
which I believe is a private oil
company. Obviously, oil company out of
China. Countries dominating list. Top
industries, and we have our output file.
So, horizontal bar chart.
And let's take a look at some of those
as well. So, first we have the top 15
companies by revenue.
So Amazon Walmart
all these other companies as well.
And uh
Shouldn't be surprised that Berkshire is
on here, but they are uh CVS,
Volkswagen Exxon.
Never heard of Vital, and Shell. And
then we have our scripts. So, scrape
Wikipedia's list of largest companies,
perform analysis with Pandas and
Matplotlib.
So, you can see over here, we have a
request for web scraping.
And uh we go through over here, grab our
information,
and then populate it based off of our
specific query. Again, just going up
over here,
we asked uh show the top 10 companies by
revenue, which it didn't, you know,
obviously you saw that only showed us
five, and and we could send another
prompt and say, "Hey, you only showed me
five." We created a bar chart of the top
15. We saw the countries, we saw the
industries. So, like it was almost
there. I mean, again, just going through
this over here.
You know, one minor mistake. I'm going
to click show less.
Didn't show the top 10, but uh
we could also fix this relatively
easily,
if we really wanted to. And we can go
through this CSV file as well. As you
can see, we have our information
directly over here. And like, it takes 2
seconds to filter with Pandas to get a
top 10. So, I'm not really too concerned
on that side of things. The hard part
was building out the scraper. And
obviously, as I mentioned, Wikipedia,
super easy site to scrape. Some others
might take you an hour going back and
forth, debugging it. Obviously, we don't
have time to do that today.
But, especially when you deal with
Cloudflare websites. Feature engineering
is where a lot of the real lift is in
machine learning, but it's usually one
of the hardest things to automate,
because it requires reasoning about the
business problem. You can't just run a
formula. You need to think, "What are
the hidden signals in this data? What
indicators suggest a customer could be
at risk?" So, I'm going to show you how
Cloud Code can do that reasoning out
loud, suggest meaningful features based
off of SaaS domain knowledge, and then
build them in seconds. Also, full
transparency. I'm not saying feature
engineering is going away. I think
there's a ton of domain knowledge out
there, and things that people can do
even outside of Cloud Code. Anyways,
let's jump right into it. Okay. So, here
is our prompt. I have a customer churn
data set. I'm trying to predict whether
a customer will churn. Before I build a
model, I want to do feature engineering.
And we give it a few steps. Analyze the
existing features and the relationship.
Suggest and create at least eight new
engineered features that might improve
prediction. Think about Give it some
ideas over here. For each feature,
explain why you think it'll be
predictive. Show the correlation of each
feature to the churn target. And then
save the enriched data set over here as
a CSV file. So, we have our data set
over here, which is customer churn raw.
Actually, let me load this up in sheets,
so you guys can see that. Okay. So, you
can see we have our customer ID, age,
months, monthly spend, products, support
tickets, last login days, contract type,
payment method, region, as well as if
they were churned or not. Pretty
straightforward for a churn data set.
Those are always pretty fun to work on.
But,
yeah, let's send over that prompt, which
we have right here, and see what
ends up getting us.
All right, and we have our results over
here. So, it says existing feature
analysis. Data set 100 customers with a
51% churn rate.
Contract type is perfectly predictive.
All monthly customers churn. Zero annual
customers. It Obviously, this is a data
set for this particular video, not real
world scenario, but it says strongest
numeric correlation, tenure, support
tickets, last login days, monthly spend,
number of products. 10 engineered
features sorted by correlation with
churn.
So, we have like feature is monthly,
inactive flag, tenure,
lifetime proxy are with churn. And then
rationale behind each of them. Monthly
contracts equals no lock-in, classic
SaaS churn flag, 30 plus days since
login, behavioral signal, etc. The
enriched data set is saved as this, with
all 10 new features. The script is
feature engineering pi. Notable insight
is monthly feature as a predictive
correlation in this data set. Contract
type perfectly separates churners from
non-churners. In a real model, you'd
want to verify this isn't a data
leakage. Look at that, calling that out.
Um so, that's pretty awesome on there.
And let's take a look at what this
Python file looks like.
You can see we can throw that in over
here.
Uh import system, import Pandas,
and analyze the existing features.
Engineer new features. And by the way,
if you don't like any of these features,
you can always just prompt it again and
say, "Hey, I don't like these features.
Can you give me five more?" And maybe
I'll do that for this over here. And
obviously, I'm in the way, so I'm just
going to
make this like that. I'm going to say,
"Can you give me three more features?"
So, don't be afraid to go back and forth
in a conversation. All right, and we got
three more over here.
Disengagement index, product adoption
rate, and then spend per tenure
are with churn. And then our rationale.
So, CSV script's updated, now 24 columns
with 13 engineered. Obviously, we can
load these back up in Google Sheets,
which I'm going to do. And now you can
see we have much larger data set. So,
after churned, we have all these other
features that we just built out
all in the chat, which we've already
talked about,
and right over there. AB testing sounds
simple, but there are a lot of ways that
you can get it wrong. In this section,
we're going to be taking a look at how
we can prompt Claude with just a few
steps that AB tests should look at to
see if changes on a website were
successful.
So, this is our spreadsheet. We have our
different user IDs, whether they're in
the control group or the treatment
group, they converted or not, the
revenue associated with it, session
duration on the website, pages viewed,
their device, whether they're desktop,
mobile, or tablet, and then the day that
they specifically signed up. Jumping
into VS Code, you can see we have this
prompt. I want to AB test my website.
The data set is this, which I just
showed you guys. Control group saw
original landing page. Treatment group
saw new design. We have different
questions like, check if the test was
set up correctly, assumptions, calculate
detectable effect, run appropriate
statistical test, analyze revenue per
user, segment results by device type,
and then give me plain English executive
summary, did the new design win, and
should we ship it? Obviously, you can
combine this with some of the other
stuff we've already covered, such as
building out, you know, like PowerPoint
slides and things like that for some
sort of presentation, but
regardless, that's what we're going to
do in this section.
Grab that over here, and uh send that
into Claude, and I will see you guys.
All right, and we have our results over
here. So, it says 250 control, 250
treatment, perfect one-to-one split.
Uh one flag,
This is important context for the
segmented results. Then our assumptions.
It says normal approximation is valid
for the proportions test. Revenue is not
normally distributed, so we use the
Mann-Whitney U and Welch t-test. Power
analysis with 250 per group, and it says
the observed 30 pp effect uses 100%
power. Then we have our conversion rate,
49% over here. Treatment 79%.
And then revenue per user, control $19,
treatment $50. Segmentation by device.
So, we have desktop, mobile, and tablet.
Control versus treatment. Obviously, we
saw that was a bit imbalanced.
And then we have our executive summary
here at the very end. So, it says ship
it with nuance. The new design is a
massive win on mobile, and a solid win
on tablet. Desktop sees no meaningful
conversion improvement, though revenue
per user is still increased. The device
imbalance slightly inflates the headline
numbers, but the segmented results
confirm the effect is real within each
device. Prioritize mobile experience.
The new design truly shines. And then we
have our code over here. And just
clicked on that. So, we can just take
that over here. And you can take a look
at all of this Python code.
This did take a little bit longer to
you know, write this out over here.
Probably took like 5 minutes, but
331
lines of code. There's so much
boilerplate code in a proper ML
pipeline. Stratified train test split,
preprocessing scaling categorical
encoding cross-validation
hyperparameter tuning. Most data
scientists will spend hours just wiring
up all this together. Cloud Code can
build the entire end-to-end pipeline in
one go. Obviously, you can go in there
and fine-tune things and change things
as needed, but all you have to do is
describe what you want, train multiple
models, use grid search, evaluate the
rate metrics, and it handles all of the
plumbing. This is the data set we're
going to be taking a look at. We have a
customer age,
tenure month, spend, products,
region, contract type, and then we have
some other engineered features such as
like spend per product, support ticket
rate, engagement score, high-risk flag,
annual spend tier, tenure group, and
then if they churned or not. Uh jumping
into VS Code,
you can see we have this prompt. I have
a customer churn data set over here. The
target variable is churn. Please build a
complete ML pipeline.
And obviously, you don't want 80/20. It
really depends on your sample size. You
can change that up. And I talk about
imputing any missing values and code
categorical variables,
um scale numeric features, train and
evaluate these models. For each model,
show accuracy, precision, recall, F1.
I use cross-validation, etc. Right?
Obviously, we can change this pipeline
as we particularly want. This is just
for demo purpose. And then I ask which
model performs best and why. So, we're
going to jump into Claude Code. We're
going to grab this prompt, send it over
here, and see what happens.
All right. And we have our results now.
So, overall, we have 100% accuracy with
logistic regression, 100% random forest,
95 XGBoost, and yes, this data set was
actually very simple to predict. So,
that's obviously the case. I didn't use
a real-world data set. I just asked an
LM to build out a quick one for this
particular video. Obviously, I could
have made a better data set, but
regardless, it says which model performs
best obviously got both 100%. The data
set only has 100 rows, very clean.
And it talks about churn patterns that
are simple. Top features driving churn
is annual, strongest predictor followed
by we have a few other ones. And then we
have files created. So, for example, you
want to see the ML pipeline,
we can go over here. Complete ML
pipeline for customer churn prediction.
And look at all those imports. That's
one of the things I always hated. It's
just like importing everything. Um but,
you can see all that is built over here,
our pipeline across the board.
And uh 200 lines of code, give or take.
We also have a few other files as well.
So, we have the model evaluation.
Uh we also have over here feature
importance across the board.
And we have uh our churn model over
here, which we could use. So,
let's uh jump into another section,
which we're going to be actually be
taking a look at Streamlit, a tool that
I like using quite a bit. All right. And
uh now, let's jump into Streamlit. Okay,
so we trained our model. That's cool and
all, but like what utilization can we
get out of that? Well, I just want to
show you a quick demo of building out a
Streamlit app from what we did in that
previous section. I use Streamlit all
the time for data tools. I find it
particularly helpful. And uh Claude is
really good at building these out fast.
Okay, so here is our prompt. I have a
trained customer churn model, which we
just built out in that last side. It was
trained on these features. Please build
a Streamlit app called
churn_predictor_app.py that has a clean
title, description, and I just gave it
like seven steps over here. Make it look
professional and easy for non-technical
stakeholder to use it. And what's really
cool about Streamlit apps as well is you
can deploy these in multiple different
type of locations. If you want to be
secure, you can deploy these with an
AWS. If you don't care and you want this
to be public, you can deploy it in
Streamlit Cloud. So, we're going to take
this prompt, we're going to run it. And
also, Streamlit apps can run locally.
So,
we will send that actually to Claude.
Which I almost didn't have that in
Claude for a second. I just typing that
prompt. And let's see when it's ready.
Okay. So,
I just want to walk you through a few
things that happened as well. So,
we have the app is ready. It created the
Python file, which
you know, Streamlit is a Python library,
so we're going to have to set that up.
And Streamlit apps you can build out
relatively quick, but obviously,
why type out this manually when you
could just build out very fast? See,
like 150 lines or so. It talks about
what it is, title, description, input
fields, etc. And they gave us even the
code over here to run.
So, when you build out a Streamlit app,
you'll want to put in like Streamlit run
and then the name of that particular
file. I just asked it to run it because
sometimes there could be some specific
know if I had actually Streamlit
installed on this computer or not. So,
it noticed that there was an error. It
downloaded Streamlit. And it mentioned
that it's running on a local host 8501.
Okay, so we got the local host 8501. And
then you can see that we have this app
called customer churn predictor. It says
how to use this on the side, powered by
a logistic regression. Now, I will
mention I don't think this is going to
be very accurate, to be honest with you.
We trained on 100 samples. And the data
set wasn't that particularly good. Uh
but, you can see different features that
teams might want to use like age, uh how
long they've been around, what's their
monthly spend, products, support
tickets, and etc. So,
we can flag them if they're high risk,
if they're an annual customer, contract
type, payment method, what region, and
our group, everything that we built that
specific model on. And obviously, this
is local right now, but super easy to
deploy this into Streamlit Cloud. Or if
you want to deploy this with an AWS to
be a lot more secure, or wherever else
you want to.
That is Streamlit. And that is a wrap.
Those 10 basic use cases of Claude Code
for data science. And honestly, there's
dozens of others that we could have done
in this video. So, if you want to see a
part two, let us know down below. And
also, feel free to share a use case that
you've discovered, whether you're doing
this for like side projects or your
full-time job. If you're interested in
watching other videos, we have tons on
the channel about AI. We're uploading
three times a week if not more, and I'll
catch you guys in another video.
